# Stories

## Osabat

### Biography

Hailing from Tarbes, France, Bastien Soucasse, a.k.a. Osabat, is a passionate musician with a love for creating music
that reflects his emotions and personal experiences. With a strong background in music theory, guitar, and piano,
Bastien began his music production journey in 2017, where he started with live-remixes and small compositions on Apple
GarageBand.

After discovering the limitations of the app, Bastien began to search for more powerful software to help him create the
sound he was targeting in his head. In late 2017, he discovered Image-Line FL Studio and immediately began mastering the
software and honing his production skills.

In 2020, Bastien was finally able to upgrade his equipment to an Apple MacBook Air and discovered the powerful
capabilities of Ableton Live. With this new software, he began to explore new genres, including hip-hop and pop music,
and developed his skills in mixing vocals.

Despite his passion for music production, Bastien takes the time to carefully evaluate each song he creates and shares
it only with his closest friends and family to ensure it reflects the emotions and feelings he intended to convey. He
draws inspiration from a wide range of genres, including hip-hop, pop, and even K-Pop, to create music that covers a
broad range of emotions, from joy and laughter to sadness and heartbreak.

Bastien’s creative process varies from song to song, from recreating and customizing existing songs to finding chords
and melodies on his piano and turning his ideas into a full-fledged song. With each new project, Bastien strives to
create music that resonates with his listeners and reflects his own personal journey and growth as a musician.

Looking to the future, Bastien plans to release a series of EPs titled “The Journey,” which will feature remastered
versions of his earliest songs, chronologically ordered by release date. His upcoming projects, which are still in
production, will showcase his newfound skills and creativity using Apple Logic Pro. With a commitment to authenticity
and a passion for creating music that reflects his own unique experiences, Bastien is an up-and-coming artist to watch
in the world of music production.

### Regolith

Regolith was one of the best productions that Bastien created after three years of using FL Studio. However, he felt
like something was missing, and that’s when he decided to explore other software to enhance your music production
skills. In late 2020, he turned 21 and saved enough money to purchase an Apple MacBook Air, which allowed you to use
Ableton Live. One year later, he was happy with his work on Ableton Live and decided to go back to Regolith. He reworked
the song with a new mix on Ableton Live and finally felt happy with the song. He released Regolith on February 28, 2022,
and shared it with his family and friends, without any promo or ads.

### The Journey

Bastien started his music production journey in 2017 by creating small compositions on Apple GarageBand and FL Studio.
In late 2023, he plans to release a collection of EPs called “The Journey,” which will feature remastered versions of
his earliest songs. The first EP in the collection, “The Journey: Genesis,” will include his first songs created on
Apple GarageBand and Image-Line FL Studio. He intends to release subsequent EPs featuring his work from 2018 to 2020. By
releasing this collection, Bastien hopes to show his progression and development as a music producer over the years. He
intends to share his journey with his audience and showcase the evolution of his music production skills.
